???: Well hello there, young man!
Chef Tony: Who are you?  And where am I?
???: My name is Father Flanagan, owner and founder of boys and girls town, the greatest orphanage on earth!
Father Flanagan: Now, since my boys and girls home is so popular (and is a no-kill home), we need your contributions to help us out!
Father Flanagan: Now, friend, we both know money doesn't grow on trees, not these days.
Father Flanagan: Therefore, our home needs your support to keep running and become larger and larger.
Chef Tony: But wait, I…
Father Flanagan: You're probably wondering, "Will my contributions really help?" 
Father Flanagan: Not to worry, because believe it or not, $0.35 out of every dollar you donate goes right to helping my boys and girls home!
Father Flanagan: My children would be overjoyed if you just donated a minuscule $1000, $2000, or $3000!
Chef Tony: But...
Father Flanagan: That’s right, even that *small* amount of money will help my boys home grow larger and larger!
Father Flanagan: I have owned and run this girls and boys home for a long time, and never have I seen another home as well run as this one.
Chef Tony: So!
Chef Tony: You wouldn't happen to be interested in buying some KNIVES, would you?
Father Flanagan: BUYING knives? Surely you jest! Now, if you're talking about DONATING them, then perhaps...
Chef Tony: Nope.
Father Flanagan: You would DARE try to SELL me something!?? The NERVE!
Father Flanagan: Very well, then. Prepare to donate...YOUR LIFE!!!
*Father Flanagan: Orphans! Assemble!
***
Father Flanagan: Do you REALLY think you'll be able to attack me through my Orphan Shield™?
Father Flanagan: No one could possibly attack such an adorable orphan as this!
Chef Tony: (Oh no!  He's right!)
Chef Tony: (If word gets out that the Miracle Blades were used to murder orphans, I'll never sell anything again!)
Chef Tony: (Wait a minute...I'll just give that orphan shielding him the old knife sales pitch!)
Chef Tony: That never fails to put people to sleep................*sigh*
***
Father Flanagan: No one has come this close to defeating me! No one!
***
Father Flanagan: It's...it's over for me!
Father Flanagan: I've sent this orphanage's entire supply of orphans at you, but it wasn't enough...
Father Flanagan: Now, each and every one of them has escaped to a better life......
Father Flanagan: Wait, I meant worse life. Yes, that is definitely what I meant.
Father Flanagan: Anyway, I must be going now. Those begging letters don't write themselves, you know.
Father Flanagan: 
