Flying Basketball: Like Mike...
Flying Basketball: I--I have failed you.
Flying Basketball: I only wished to create a world ideal for honing your basketball abilities!
Flying Basketball: Now that I have been defeated, it has occured to me that this was probably a misguided plan at best.
Like Mike: ....................
Flying Basketball: My time remaining is short!
Flying Basketball: Before then, however, there is something that I must tell you.
Flying Basketball: You see...
Flying Basketball: I am, in fact, the departed spirit of the one you know as "MJ"
Flying Basketball: *I* was the one known to you as MJ!
Flying Basketball: My sole goal -- to train a successor!
Flying Basketball: Naturally, that successor...was you, Like Mike!
Flying Basketball: That is why I bestowed my magical shoes upon you!
Flying Basketball: Only then could you become a basketball player as great as I was!
James: But wait, that doesn't make sense!
James: Michael Jordan's not dead!
Flying Basketball: Not yet!  But when my death finally came, many years in your future, I refused it!
Flying Basketball: It was difficult, but the scientists at the NBA's top-secret research facility allowed me to continue my existence in this form.
Flying Basketball: However, at that time, basketball was a dying sport.
Flying Basketball: In order to train a true successor, I would have to go back.
Flying Basketball: I travelled back in time -- with only enough power for one jump, I knew it would be a one-way trip.
Flying Basketball: I travelled across the world, searching for the one who I could train as my apprentice.
Flying Basketball: Then, I finally found you, Like Mike!
Flying Basketball: Like Mike!  A name I bestowed upon you to overtly symbolize the source of your greatness!
Flying Basketball: With my training, you were able to become the greatest basketball player that ever lived!
Flying Basketball: My work...was finished.
Flying Basketball: But your death was too much to bear!
Flying Basketball: Now...I am finally at peace.
Flying Basketball: I must...atone for my sins.
Flying Basketball: With the last of my power, I shall send you back...to when this all began. 
Flying Basketball: It...is over for me.
Flying Basketball: Goodbye...my friend...